README.md, before:

# Pecha Kucha

"Pecha Kucha" is a template for creating [Pecha Kucha presentations](https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/Pecha_Kucha) presentations using HTML and CSS instead of PowerPoint. This is especially useful when demonstrating web technologies in a presentation.

## Changelog:

### v.1.0 : June 5, 2011

* Initial commit

## Photo Credits

* http://www.flickr.com/photos/aghrivaine/5798517048/in/photostream/
* http://www.flickr.com/photos/aghrivaine/5797946141/in/photostream/
* http://www.flickr.com/photos/aghrivaine/5798503124/in/photostream/
* http://www.flickr.com/photos/aghrivaine/5797966995/in/photostream/
* http://www.flickr.com/photos/aghrivaine/5797970777/in/photostream/

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2011 Erik Runyon, http://weedygarden.com/

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

add simple instructions to README and add some comments to CSS

README.md, after:

# Pecha Kucha

"Pecha Kucha" is a template for creating [Pecha Kucha presentations](https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/Pecha_Kucha) presentations using HTML and CSS instead of PowerPoint. This is especially useful when demonstrating web technologies in a presentation.

So far the code has only been tested in WebKit browsers. 

## Use

There are some simple styles for positioning images and the title text. More will appear as I use this template more. For now it's fairly minimal.

## Changelog:

### v.1.0 : June 5, 2011

* Initial commit

## Photo Credits

* http://www.flickr.com/photos/aghrivaine/5798517048/in/photostream/
* http://www.flickr.com/photos/aghrivaine/5797946141/in/photostream/
* http://www.flickr.com/photos/aghrivaine/5798503124/in/photostream/
* http://www.flickr.com/photos/aghrivaine/5797966995/in/photostream/
* http://www.flickr.com/photos/aghrivaine/5797970777/in/photostream/

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2011 Erik Runyon, http://weedygarden.com/

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
